Vectronix is back in town presenting you the best software for all you shooting specialists out there: GTA 6 with Vectronix Hyper-Weapon and HUD special expansion pack!  Logg in and take a free ride in a real life game. Stop... stop.. stop . this silly advertisement...  Metallinos writing here! Didn't talk to anyone from scene since probably 1997 ... unbelievable, but I checked this via pouet.net... only exception are my good old friends Slippy ("Grossmeister of Coding") and  Moonfall who I met a few times. So I'd like to send MEGA greetings to all dudes around the world who had contact with vectronix and/or me in particular, first. Thanx for being so kind reading all this "great stuff" ;-)  So let's tell you some words about what happend between 1997 and 2025......................... 41823913 Words will appear right now............. reading time: 25 hours 66 minutes.............. *argh* ...............  *joke* ............. ok, really bad joke........... but have a look at all the old scrolltexts.... jokes everywhere... ;-) Let's start with some basics: as you know, my real name is Frank Metallinos G. (or S. which I stated in other scrollers - but my last name has no meaning to you and I will not give you more hints). So in the 1990s  my friends from vectronix and me had so much fun all day long that I didn't manage to finish my studies of computer sciences. Yes, you did read right: I abandoned my studies!!!!  This was caused a little bit of trouble, hm, a lot of trouble! Cause I did not have much money and I had to pay back all the money I did got from state as student loan... bad luck for me -  one day or other in 1998, the german state wanted its money back, for real.  So I had to sell every single bit of my whole equipment. All of my Ataris had to be sold! 520ST+, 1040STF, 1040STE, Falcon 030 etc. and all of the thousands of disks, Syquest-drives and so on.  I was so sad especially because I also lost my beloved Falcon 040 on which I did do some really kewl stuff (including cracking). But selling everything brought my life into another direction:  I become a simple janitor at a companies section of a nowadays quite big company which is called Safran S.A. today. Back in the nineties the company had another name which I won't tell you as you then will know a little bit to much about me... ;-)  That company had a lot to do with data systems and hosting of data services as I meant to know. But for real it was a company which dealt in military business - but not every man working for them (like me) did  initially knew it!   The job as a janitor was quite funny and fulfilling for me. 50% of my time I spent in internet, watching youpo... aehm... youtube and doing other silly stuff. One day, I had a very, very special experience: Probably 2004 the company was visited by a group of businessmen from Greece. But one of these people was not businessman - for real he was a high priest (!) from Greece  who had lived in Cologne for a longer period of time. As I later found out:  He came to talk with the bosses about stopping that business in production of weapons the company did. He did not really get a key to success, but for me it was really astonishing because his name was Goergios.....   Metallinos..... ! Unbelievable. I was so gobsmacked... yeah... couldn't say any words.... but I had to finish the procedure of registrations with all that guests... and it still became more weird... Georgios looked at my name plate...  read my name in loud words "Frank Metallinos G." and said in perfect german: "Vectronix - Verbrechen im Fadenkreuz." I was gobsmashed again, completely, fell down to the floor, I nearly got comatose!! Uncroyable si je puis dire.  Later that day, the greek group left, but I managed to give Georgios Metallinos a small present: A sticker with printed Vectronix-logo from the good old days which I had saved for all the years down in the pockets of my purse...  On the very next day - it was probably one of the first days in april - I still was so impressed because of that experience the day before, I came to work early, at probably 5 o'clock a.m, cause I wasn't really able to sleep  during that night, had 4 german lager and a lot of ouzos.. together with some nice greek girls which I met suddenly near my company... nevermind, it was very funny and in the early morning my head still was full of impressions  of that night (and beer)...  So I began working, sat down in my janitary office. Then at about 7 o'clock a truck came up, some craftsmen jumped out and began to construct on the roof of my doorkeepers lodge. They told me that the company had been sold to  another company so they should change the old corporate logo to the new one. No problem for me. It did last for a couple of yours until the mechanics finished their work, jumped into their truck and drove away. After they finished I went out of my office, lifted my head and got immedately shocked. Nearly scared to death! ....... what happened?! .........  you will not believe.................... the corporate logo they installed carried the name....................... "VECTRONIX S.A." !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got a heartache at once..... when I woke up, I was in hospital, the nurses really cared good for me! ;-) And I found out: My company had been bought by another company called Vectronix......   nowadays it has been sold again and is called Safran S.A.  So this is my vita: Years ago I was Metallinos of Vectronix living in illegality .... then I was nobody for a longer period of time ..... and suddenly I became Metallinos of Vectronix in legality and in reality!!!  Absolutely miraculous. Thinking deeper, it seems high priest Giorgios Metallinos was not that unsuccessful as I thought.... just in another way!  Actually, I still work as a janitor, but I am the janitor who has all the keys - including the keys I should not have... hehe... see, 30% of the time I have nothing to do except hacking things laying around like electronic  key cards.... ;-)  Sooooo, lets wrap here but not without seending best greetings to all you Atari-guys out there! As far as i know, Slippy will rise a big list in this great intro he did for all good purposes.  I love the superb code, I love this "cubic-aggressive" and "blippy" music, I love the modern graphics from our old "Kumpel" in crime Jade! I love you all! :-)  CU in 2053, Metallinos logging out..................... 